Place this test in a folder called test2 on the linux server.

DO NOT USE ARRAYS IF YOU KNOW ABOUT ARRAYS, I WANT YOU TO USE 3 VARIABLES, IT 
WILL FORCE YOU TO USE COMPOUND LOGICAL STATEMENTS FOR THE IF STATEMENTS.

Create a program that will display a menu to the user. The choices should be as 
follows:

Enter 3 grades
Show average (with the 3 grades) and letter grade
Show highest grade
Show lowest grade
Exit
If you want to put the menu into a function you may.  The program should use a 
switch statement for using the appropriate function based on the user's choice. 
Each option should be implemented in its own function (I use the word function 1,
function 2, I want you to come up with appropriate names for the functions).
Initialize the variables for grades randomly between 50-100 so if the user
select show average as their first choice, there will be some random grades in
the variables already.

You should have the following functions:

Function 1: This function will ask the user for a single grade that will be
passed back to the main function. The function should validate that the grade
is in the range between 0-100 otherwise ask the user to enter another grade.
This function should be called 3 times from the main to place the appropriate
values into the grade variables.

Function 2: This function will calculate the average of the 3 grades passed in
and display the average with 1 decimal place and display the letter grade based
on the following scale:

Average	Letter Grade
90 - 100	A
80 - 90	    B
70 - 79	    C
60 - 69	    D
Below 60	F


Function 3: This function will receive 3 grades as parameters and returns the
highest grade to the main. The main will use that value to display the highest
grade. Do not display the highest grade in this function.

Function 4: This function will receive 3 grades as parameters and returns the
lowest grade to the main. The main will use that value to display the lowest
grade. Do not display the highest grade in this function.

Use a loop to repeat the entire program until the users hits 5 to exit.